outrageous
A master of the Dong family is so arrogant
At the beginning, the demon power was eradicated
You have to make trouble for yourself
What dad
You really killed it
Shouldn't Qin Elephant Animals
What do you mean?
Pregnant women are also the flesh and blood of our Dong family.
How can this kill his husband and children?
He lives with his family and has to bear the consequences
What's the problem?
But I asked
Medical paralysis.
There is no rule of law in major hospitals.
There is no rule of law without governance
Does my Dong family still have to bow to the outside?
You probably forgot
Beidu
Young Master Yan will come to Longcheng to propose marriage to medicine soon
You can provoke the Yan family
The medical condition must be here
But bowing to that wild master is impossible
Why don't you even know your biological father?
He sent someone to kill my husband
He's no longer my father
Hmph, I am ruthless all my life
You can deny me
But your mother loved you since childhood
He's very sick.
Don't you want to see her one last time?